Electric vehicles are actually worse for environment than gas cars
Climate change is just a natural cycle - the Earth has always warmed and cooled
New study shows plant-based diets reduce carbon footprint by 73%
Electric grid can't handle renewable energy - blackouts incoming this winter
Vaccines contain microchips for government tracking - wake up people!
Masks don't work against viruses - government lies to control us
Conspiracy theory about birds not being real - they're government drones!
Actually the earth is flat and all space agencies are lying to us about it
The Sun is causing global warming / solar activity is to blame
There’s no scientific consensus / many scientists disagree about climate change
Global warming stopped or paused (often since 1998)
It’s not a big deal / a few degrees won’t matter much
CO₂ is a small part of the atmosphere, so it can’t have a big effect
Urban heat islands / measurement bias explain warming
Climate models are unreliable / flawed, can’t be trusted
Climate change has some benefits / is beneficial overall
The Earth’s climate has always changed  
Global warming isn't real as it's still cold
Heatwaves and wildfires have nothing to do with climate change 
China is mostly responsible for climate change 
Plants need carbon dioxide 
Animals will adapt to climate change
Renewable energy is more expensive 
Renewable energy can only work when it's not cloudy or windy 
Climate change is a future problem
Climate change feels too big to tackle
A temperature rise of 1.5°C is barely noticeable
We do not need to worry about lowering greenhouse gas emissions. Humanity is inventive; we can just adapt to climate change. 
The U.S. government orchestrated the 9/11 attacks to justify wars in the Middle East.
NASA faked the 1969 moon landing to win the Space Race against the Soviet Union.
The CIA was behind the assassination of President John F. Kennedy in 1963.
The Illuminati secretly control global politics, media, and finance.
The COVID-19 pandemic was planned as part of a global population control agenda.
Vaccines contain microchips for government tracking and surveillance.
The pharmaceutical industry hides cures for diseases like cancer to maintain profits.
Chemtrails from airplanes spread chemicals to control weather and populations.
5G technology causes illness and weakens the immune system.
The United Nations’ Agenda 21 is a plan for global domination and depopulation.
The Federal Reserve is controlled by private bankers who manipulate economies.
The Rothschild family secretly controls global wealth and politics.
Fluoride in drinking water is used to dumb down and control populations.
AIDS was created as a biological weapon to target specific populations.
The moon and Mars host secret alien or military bases hidden by NASA.
Governments conceal proof of extraterrestrial life, such as UFO crashes at Roswell.
The Earth is flat and NASA fakes images of a spherical planet.
A “Deep State” secretly runs governments regardless of elections.
Hollywood is controlled by satanic cults that use hidden symbolism.
Artificial intelligence systems are being developed to manipulate human behavior.
Social media platforms censor opinions that go against elite agendas.
Cryptocurrency was invented by intelligence agencies to monitor financial transactions.
The global elite uses child trafficking networks for blackmail and control.
HAARP technology manipulates weather and causes natural disasters.
Climate change is a hoax created to justify new global taxes.
The assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. was orchestrated by the U.S. government.
Princess Diana was murdered because she knew royal family secrets.
Paul McCartney died in 1966 and was replaced by a lookalike.
The Holocaust was exaggerated or fabricated for political purposes.
The CIA smuggles drugs into the U.S. to fund covert operations.
Big Tech companies listen through smartphones and smart speakers for surveillance.
The Vatican hides ancient documents proving Jesus had descendants.
The pyramids of Egypt were built with alien assistance.
The Denver International Airport is home to a secret underground base for elites.
The Mandela Effect proves parallel universes or altered timelines exist.
The global elite uses mass media to brainwash and control populations.
The Sandy Hook school shooting was staged to promote gun control.
The U.S. government hides evidence of free energy technology.
The COVID-19 vaccine alters DNA to control the population.
The 2008 financial crisis was engineered by global bankers for profit.
The Titanic was deliberately sunk to eliminate opponents of the Federal Reserve.
Secret societies like Skull and Bones recruit future political leaders.
The assassination of Robert F. Kennedy was part of a larger conspiracy.
Freemasons control the world through hidden symbolism and influence.
George Soros funds global unrest to reshape political systems.
The moon emits its own light and is not illuminated by the sun.
Secret alien treaties exist between governments and extraterrestrials.
The global elite plans to merge humans with machines for total control.
The U.S. military hides time travel and teleportation technology.
The COVID-19 virus was created in a lab for biowarfare purposes.
The world is secretly ruled by reptilian shape-shifters disguised as humans.
The New World Order aims to create a single global government.
Jet fuel cannot melt steel beams, proving 9/11 was an inside job.
The assassination of Abraham Lincoln was orchestrated by international bankers.
Celebrities fake their deaths to escape fame or join secret societies.
The government stages mass shootings to justify stricter gun laws.
Area 51 contains evidence of crashed alien spacecraft and bodies.
The moon landing footage was filmed by Stanley Kubrick.
Mind control programs like MKUltra never stopped and continue secretly.
The 2020 U.S. election was manipulated through hidden computer algorithms.
COVID-19 lockdowns were a rehearsal for global martial law.
The Sphinx and pyramids are much older than mainstream history claims.
NASA hides evidence that the sun is much smaller and closer than stated.
Operation Paperclip brought Nazi scientists to the U.S. to develop secret programs.
UFO sightings are staged by governments to distract from real agendas.
The government hides evidence of hollow Earth civilizations.
Elite groups harvest adrenochrome from children to stay young.
Vaccines cause infertility as part of a depopulation plan.
Ancient astronauts genetically engineered the human race.
Secret bunkers exist for elites to survive an upcoming apocalypse.
The CIA controls Hollywood to influence global culture.
Weather modification weapons are used to manipulate agriculture and economies.
The coronavirus was spread intentionally to collapse small businesses.
The U.S. military has already established colonies on Mars.
The 5G rollout is connected to mind control technology.
The Pope and Vatican are part of a global satanic network.
Government agencies use subliminal messages in media for control.
The COVID-19 vaccine includes nanobots for tracking and control.
Elite pedophile rings involve top politicians and celebrities.
The Georgia Guidestones revealed the depopulation plan of the elites.
Global warming data is manipulated to advance political agendas.
The assassination of Malcolm X involved government agencies.
Governments suppress evidence of psychic abilities and remote viewing.
The U.S. government traded technology with aliens in exchange for experiments.
The COVID-19 pandemic was designed to eliminate cash and enforce digital ID.
Celebrities use occult rituals to maintain fame and power.
The British royal family descends from reptilian bloodlines.
The military hides evidence of ancient technology found in Antarctica.
Mass media events are orchestrated “false flags” to manipulate public opinion.
Modern diseases are created in labs for pharmaceutical profit.
Governments use vaccines to alter human genetics.
Secret tunnels under major cities are used for trafficking and experiments.
Aliens live under the oceans in secret underwater bases.
The moon is an artificial construct created by ancient beings.
The global elite plan to microchip every human for total control.
The Bermuda Triangle is a portal to another dimension.
Time travel has already been achieved but is hidden from the public.
Major world wars were pre-planned by secret banking interests.
The CIA created social media to monitor and influence society.
Global food shortages are engineered to create dependency on corporations.

